Good evening conversation, Mr. Tom Sen.How do you feel today?Good evening?I've been suffering from severe chest pain and shortness of breath for the past few days.I'm limited and it gets worse when I breathe. This sounds alarming, Mr. Tamsin, based on your symptoms. There may be several possible causes such as pleurisy, which is inflammation of the tissues that line your lungs and chest cavity.Have you noticed any other symptoms, such as coughing, or then or any recent illnesses?Yes, I then suffer from mild and dry cough continuously for about a week, and I also feel very tired and feel some pain in my shoulder.Thank you for providing these details, Mr.Tantoun It is important for us to take into account all the symptoms you are experiencing, given the presentation you have made, let's do a test for red blood cells for any signs of infection or inflammation. Let's also do a high chest X-ray.Well, what can I do to relieve the discomfort pain in the meantime?While we wait for the test results, I'll prescribe some medications to manage your pain and inflammation.You can take two 400mg ibuprofen tablets every 8 hours for the next seven days to reduce pain and inflammation.In addition, I will prescribe a course of antibiotics Amexceline consisting of three 500mg capsules, three times daily for ten days in case of an underlying bacterial infection.Be sure to take antibiotics with food to avoid upset stomach.If your symptoms worsen or you notice any new symptoms, such as increased sleepiness, difficulty breathing, or coughing up blood, please seek medical attention immediately.Have you had any major medical conditions in the past? Yes.I had angioplasty and bypass surgery a few years ago.Thank you for letting me know.Do you have any family history of medical conditions that we should be aware of?Yes, my father had kidney stones, what about your social history?Do you smoke or drink alcohol? I don't smoke, but I drink kafoul sometimes about once or twice a week.Thank you for sharing it, Mr. Tom Sen.We'll do everything we can to get to the bottom of the matter and make sure you get the right treatment.Also, let's move on to the arrangement group for chest pain.In addition, let's do a platelet count test and check your Uric Hamad levels.It says that early diagnosis and proper management are crucial.If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me.Thank you. Hey you.I will follow your advice, and take medications, as prescribed.
